Code, random seeds and results of running time comparison between the old (1.3.4) and new (2.7.3) versions of mvSLOUCH.

To replicate the results of the simulation study one needs to first in in the mvSLOUCH_timings folder unzip the zip archive RandomSeeds_Timings.zip . It is important that all the RData files with the random seeds are placed in the mvSLOUCH_timings/tmp_res/ folder . After the random seeds are unpacked one needs to install the old version of mvSLOUCH, 1.3.4, from the provided tar.gz file, mvSLOUCHold_1.3.4.tar.gz. Then one can run source("mvSLOUCHtimings.R"). In order to replicate the results the logical variable b_use_random_seed_from_manuscript has to be set to TRUE. If not, then the simulations will start from the provided by R .Random.seed. If furthermore b_should_random_seed_be_saved is TRUE then the random number generator seeds will be saved (hence a combination of FALSE and TRUE respectively will lead to overwriting whatever random number generator seeds are stored. The integer variable numcores is the number of CPU cores to be used in the parallalization and filename_prefix, filename_suffix (both character) are prefix, suffix strings that will be added to file and directory names if one wants to have multiple runs with distinct names that do not overwrite each other.

To replicate the graphs and model selection results presented in the table one needs to run source("log_make_graph.R") or log("make_graph.R") depending on if one wants to have graphs on the log or natural scales respectively. The scripts have a number of user controlled variables at the beginning concerning file and directory naming, colours and which number of tip values to include.
