In this directory one may find all the files generated (including the random seeds) in the simulation study connected to the Ferula analyses and also R scripts used for this purpose.

Two simulation studies are performed here. First one, that uses the tree and measurement error from the Ferula estimation (directory SimulationRuns_FerulaTree) and the second one that looks at behviour with increasing tree size (directory SimulationRuns_FerulaEstimates).

To replicate the results of the simulation study one needs to first for both parts in each of the folders (for i=1..10) 0i_ModelSelection unzip the zip archive RandomSeeds_0i_ModelSelection.zip. It is important that the directory individual_runs_results_seeds in the zip archive is placed in the directory 0i_ModelSelection . After the random seeds are unpacked one should first run the Ferula tree analysis source("tosource_simulationreestimation_FerulaTree.R") and then the one with varying tree size source("tosource_simulationreestimation_FerulaEstimates.R") . In order to replicate the results, in both scripts, the logical variable b_use_random_seed_from_manuscript has to be set to TRUE. If not, then the simulations will start from the provided by R .Random.seed. If furthermore b_should_random_seed_be_saved is TRUE then the random number generator seeds will be saved (hence a combination of FALSE and TRUE respectively will lead to overwriting whatever random number generator seeds are stored. The integer variable numcores is the number of CPU cores to be used in the parallalization and runnum is a (character) suffix that will be added to file and directory names if one wants to have multiple runs with distinct names that do not overwrite each other.

To replicate the graphs and model selection results presented in the table one needs to first join the results of the two analyses. Inside the folder SimulationRuns_Joint are 0i_ModelSelection (i=1..10) directories. To each 0i_ModelSelection one needs to copy the SimulationReestimation_SetupID_\*_N_\*.RData files from the ./SimulationRuns_FerulaTree/0i_ModelSelection/ and ./SimulationRuns_FerulaEstimates/0i_ModelSelection/ directories. Then,  run source("tosource_summary.R"). The script has a number of user controlled variables at the beginning concerning file and directory naming, and which NAs and simulation setups to report the results on.
